Alrighty, um. So just to
overview, uh, this meeting is
just to go over.
The requirements for the SCT and
PO Automation uh project. Some
things that I would like to get
out of this is just to confirm.
Current state of how things are
being processed and then make
sure the future state has been.
Uh, solidified. And then if we
need to have further
discussions, we can. Um.
You know, analyze that and
schedule those as needed.
Um.
So the overall agenda with SCT
PO automation from I I
understand is that retail orders
come in.
Or those line items are in a
backordered status and with
those they go through a back
order review.
A SCT or PO's created based off
what is needed and that is more
or less a manual process and we
want to automate that as much as
we can so that less people are
having to do that manually.
Is everyone good with that
general outline?
Yes, yes, Sir. Music to my ears.
Awesome. Great.
So future state is we're going
to have an automated uh service
that would be able to look at
retail orders that come in and
as long as they're in a certain
status, which that is something
we also need to lay out.
The process will pick up the
order. Understand.
What the item needs, whether
it's an set to get that item to
the store or a purchase order to
get them ordered.
And we'll go from there.
Sound good? Yep. Awesome. So
something I need to know is just
walk through some of the details
on.
What these retail orders look
like before the review, the
review process can start and
then during the review process
when looking at item, what
denotes?
What to happen?
So um.
And just thinking through what's
going to be needed. Um, I think
the biggest thing is, and I know
Ben has a ticket in with Ecat to
select.
Line item, you know what is sold
off the floor and what needs to
be ordered from you know the
warehouse or third party vendor
or whatever. So I think that
would be the, the, the obviously
the first trigger. The second
thing that I see as a potential
roadblock issue is going to be
SKUs that are not created. So
there's a lot of custom third
party products right now that
you know a customer can you know
buy like a fire tainment.
Fire pit where they can, you
know, select, you know certain
size, a certain color and that
skew is not in our system when
the order is placed. We have to
on the back end create that skew
after the order is inputted.
Same thing for Tucci or treasure
card. Now some of the SKUs are
already have been ordered so you
know there are some that you
know they will select and you
know could be pushed through.
And then the other thing is to
denote I think, I guess it would
be solved by.
You know, sold off the floor or
not. But if we're talking about
automating Ppos is like on
accessories, like when we sell
it off, if we're taking it off
the floor.
Are we talking about automating
like if it goes below a certain
threshold that you know, orders
are entered like can we select,
can we go down to the SKU level
and say, OK, we want this set of
SKUs to always be in stock and
if it goes below this threshold,
you know, a PO is generated or
something like or it looks at it
on a, you know, monthly or
quarterly basis. So let me try
to answer those questions. From
what I understand, Umm, first
one, the SKU not being created.
Uh, we uh. The way I understand
the SCT to be created, we'll be
looking at the invoice INV
warehouse record for that item
from that store to know where
what warehouse to receive that
item from. And in the case that
the SKU isn't created yet, there
shouldn't be any kind of records
for those items. So skewed from
what I understand skews that are
being.
Created on the order.
Will not be able to go through
the automation. They'll have to
either be go through the manual
process or whatever is already
being done to fulfill those
items, or the automation will
not pick those items up until.
Everything has been set up for
those newly created SKUs.
Does that.
Follow for everyone and would
that mean for the whole order
automation wouldn't take place
or does that mean just for this
specific excuse just for the
specific line items, OK.
Ohh, could we do the later?
Like, so here's what I I mean,
here's a problem I perceive with
that is if an order goes through
and automates right? And then
there is one or two skews that
can't automate, obviously, you
know, we would either need a
report or something that
generates so that we know, you
know, that that wasn't ordered
or, you know, to catch those.
Um, but then my fear is that the
store goes back and manually.
Orders and everything, you know,
an accident. So is there a case
that we could where nothing gets
ordered until because then a for
our perspective it puts pressure
on the store to get that skew
created and on us to get it
created and obtain timely manner
which we have struggles with
right now to do that.
That's not, I mean, but then on
the flip side, it's not customer
facing, you know, responsible.
So that's probably not the best
route to go. I'm, I'm just
speaking out loud here. But
yeah, I guess I just, I'm, I'd
be afraid of duplication.
You know if some of it's
automated and some of it's
manual.
So the automation, uh, just to
try to, um, silence your fears a
little. Um, the automation would
be able to know whether or not
line items have already been
processed. And so the future
state in my mind currently would
be that the automation would be
able to know when the order has
been first created and imported
in from.
We can't.
That trigger say, hey, we need
to review these things. Um.
And then after that there will
be also another process to just
review current back order items,
maybe on a nightly basis and
retrigger reprocess all items
that are in a back order status
that haven't already been
allocated to an SCT or allocated
to be acquired from a purchase
order and attempt to try to
acquire them OK and then in that
automated service.
To generate the same set,
meaning like if we leave off
one, you know to the main
warehouse and it generates an
SCT and then it goes back and
gets another skew, would it
generate a new SCT or would it
generate on that same existing
set that was created. So that's
something we can we'll need to
hammer out the details of when
an item can be added to a
current Scott for the order or
if a new set.
Needs to be created. OK,
alright, cool.
Um.
The reports, uh, that is
definitely something that could
be done. Um, again, we just
need. I'll just need to know
some of the specific information
that the report could.
Show so that everyone
understands.
What needs to be done and not
just a bunch of gibberish?
Um.
You mean I don't have to learn
coding today? Just kidding. No,
definitely not.
Hopefully I can do a good
translation of technical to the
business application.
And that's why we're having
these meetings, so we can all be
speaking apples to apples and.
Everything. Um, so.
OK, um.
Next question, you have uh was
sold off the floor.
Would let me first ask the
question to kind of split, uh,
that would definitely be
something that the store has
designated that it's gonna use
in store quantity to purchase,
correct?
Yes. So from what I understand
that new ecap field with uh
denote whether or not that item
is going to be using in store.
Quantity to fulfill that item
and.
Um.
That would that would.
Denote whether or not to use in
store quantity or not. So you
know.
No, sorry, go ahead. That's
already um.
Within.
If it's not specified in this
document, that is definitely
something that is gonna be used
in this automation. If
automation looks at a back order
item and looks at the new field,
it should denote whether or not
it's gonna use in store quantity
or it needs to be special
ordered. And if it's gonna be
special ordered, that's when
it's going to start trying to
process OK, set or PO.
And go there. Yeah, the question
of and Sean might have the same
question. So currently our
inventory is just one big
massive bucket. So it's store
inventory which could be
display, it could be back of
house inventory, which is the
overflow that we could sell
through or it could be customer
order.
If it's in the shipped column, I
guess I'm talking myself out of
that one. So how do they denote
the difference between? Or how
would we write the logic to
denote the difference between?
Would we have like a threshold
built into that? Like if the
item is one or less than it
would go through the automation
piece of it or two or less? Or
how would we need to delete
something from what? So this is
just information I'm relaying
from what Ben has told me.
The ecat field. The person
entering the order would need to
know whether or not the store
could fulfill the item. So that
field would come over and it
would be marked.
Based off of that, and the
automation isn't gonna do
anything else, it's gonna look
at that. If it says it's using
in store quantity, it's not
gonna touch it.
OK, continue.
Um.
Does that.
Is this something that you want
to flesh out a little more or is
does that satisfy?
Your requirements.
Um, I mean I.
Yeah, I guess it would fit. I
mean my question was going to be
if.
Like I'm assuming if if the
design consultant or whoever's
placing the order so selects
this is in store stock.
It's not going to generate the
back order review, but then if
the order goes in and there's
not the correct amount of
inventory for it.
Then the item is going to be in
the back order when it blows
into syspro.
So will that still get STD or is
there going to be a? I'm
assuming there be a trigger no
matter what is selected, as long
as it's selected in store stock,
whether it's in the ship column
or not, it's not going to get
automated to an SCT, correct?
Yeah. Then I think, yeah. So the
automation is going to look at
that field, if it has been
selected to use in store
quantity, it's not gonna do
anything with it. It's gonna sit
there in the back order status.
OK.
And then so we do use like fill
in ski or SC1 SKU for those
products that are like they
haven't been the SKUs that
haven't been created for
vendors, so if that's selected.
Umm.
Obviously that can't be ordered
because it's a non stocked skew.
And they select obviously, I
mean I guess we would just have
to figure out what that what the
process needs to be for those.
Correct.
Yeah.
So uh, let. Let's flesh out that
a little bit. If an item was to
come in back, order status newly
created SKU um.
Now I I would need to do a
little bit more research to make
sure I understand this. This is
what would happen, but there
shouldn't be any kind of
warehouse record for that skew.
So the automation wouldn't be
able to create an SAT or PO
because it doesn't know it
doesn't have records for that
and that case that is going to.
Could it could be?
Created within a report.
To send out and say hey this is
a newly created SKU in the back
order on this order. This will
be within the back order review
process or needs to be manually.
Entered.
Can you repeat that one more
time? I'm sorry, I didn't
follow. I apologize. OK.
Syspro receives a retail order.
Hmm. Uh, the items. There are
items in back order.
Say one or several items on that
specific order have been newly
created, so.
In my understanding of how
Syspro worked, there shouldn't
be any record of that stock code
within our inventory, so the
automation.
Wouldn't be able to mark it as
an SCT and continue creating
that script or?
Create the purchase order
because we know we need to order
it from a vendor because it
knows it can't do any of those
two. We can put it on a report
to be sent out and say hey this
order contain this line item
that could not create a script
or purchase order for and
further.
Action is required to process
this.
Is there what would be your
recommendation though to get it
off that report? Meaning like
we've done some action therefore
it's removed like.
So.
Something that could happen in.
Correct me if this won't work
for the business, but um.
This automation will also run at
a certain point to just process
back order items and if it
attempts to reprocess this item
and succeeds it, that item will
go through a normal process of
it being allocated to an SCT or
the item's gonna go to a
purchase order.
So.
One state is if once all the
information has been set up for
an SCT or purchase order to be
created, the automation will
eventually reprocess and try to
do that for that item.
So then it would it take into
account what ecap, what was
entered through ecap to the
import?
Is what you're saying.
Correct.
Yeah. What? We wouldn't want
that because I guess, I'm sorry.
What? What do you mean by?
I'm understanding you as saying
like OK so if the order goes in
the DC selects, this is a in
store product so we don't need
to create a back order, but it's
like.
You know it's not an inventory,
so then it gets in the syspro
and it's put in the back order
status.
Uh, because the inventory is
inaccurate or the other example
that the skin is not set up. So
therefore you know, we need to,
you know, create the skew and
add it to the order and then
generate the PO.
But it sounded like what you
were saying was, OK, it'll run
the first time and then it'll
obviously, you know, denote that
it's an in stock. So therefore
it won't go through the
automation process. But then the
next day or whenever it's rerun,
if those items are still in the
back order then it'll run and go
through the automation process
because it looks like it's still
is needed.
So to me that you're saying that
it's trumping what the original
request through Ecat was. Does
that make sense?
So what if I item is gonna use
in store?
Quantity. The automation's not
gonna do anything with it.
Right. But then if you're
rerunning the automation, what
is the trigger to say that it
needs?
Something the back order.
So what I was trying to say or
the question was if a newly
created SKU when it first comes
through.
Hmm. It there's not enough
information to know whether a
SCT or purchase order is to be
done with.
So.
First step would be on the first
process that will be it will
create a report.
And send it out to whoever
needed to see that saying this
cells order this line number
could not be done. Nothing could
be done with it because further
action is required to know what
to do with this. So this item we
know it needs to be special
ordered.
Um, through an SCT or purchase
order. It's just the automation
doesn't know what to do with it,
so report has been sent out.
The question is what?
What further action needs to be
done for that item?
So that's what I'm trying to
answer. What?
I know is that the automation
continues to run and tries to
attempt to fulfill these items.
Um, and in the automation just
to.
Calm some fears. It's not gonna
generate reports all the time
for things that have already
been sent out.
But.
If the actions have been.
Uh, succeeded. Say the item is
something that Scott could be
created for. That means the.
The inventory records are there
to be for an SCT to be created.
The automation will just pick
that item up and create the SCT
needed for that item.
At a future point in time once
all records are in syspro.
Does everyone follow with that
line of thought?
I mean I yeah, I guess so.
OK.
Like so.
Yeah.
OK, so.
Thought processing? Yeah, I
think so.
OK.
Um.
What let let's talk about a
little bit of the current state
of how the back order review
starts.
What?
Uh, statuses? Does the sales
order or the line line item need
to have in order for someone to
start fulfilling a back order
item?
So what I understand is that
when a sales order comes in um,
there is a pending status the
sales order has and it first
must be released.
And So what?
What are the what? What does
that sales order look like when
someone has released the order
to be processed?
It comes in as a forward order
for all the retail stores.
And then they have to. It comes
in as a Ford, FORDARD. Sorry,
mass. Southern accent doesn't
help. So F as in Brink.
And then we have to open the
order to be able to start the
processing, so we have to change
it from status F.
Two status, one for us to start
to activate the order.
And typically everything
defaults to the back order
column.
OK.
And they will move things to the
shipped column if these are
utilizing their store inventory.
That right Sean?
No.
I mean, I would say.
I mean Alyssa, I mean to protect
us even more, I would put the
automation through unless we
have 50% deposit either, yeah,
that's true too, until the
payment is covers at least 50%.
Is there a way for us to do that
Justin?
I'll be able to figure out
whether or not an order has a
50% deposit on it. The only
thing that would go into
question there is for Wells
Fargo because they.
We only require what is it 20%
down to place the order.
For Wells Fargo for 15% down,
because you do.
Could in they could. When you do
the automation well, it's
automation run that's not.
I was gonna say could there be
like a like when you open the
order you know put do you want
this order to go through
automation and then hit OK.
But that does not. That's not
automation, so no it.
The automation will continually
run in the background until the.
You know the specific conditions
to where the automation can look
at an order to be processed.
So let me ask you this question
because I'm going to make it
complicated so if it's
consistently running in the
background.
Umm.
It's OK, we potentially have
three different SAT's for one
order if.
You run the order.
And.
The order is put in and it's put
in with majority of the correct
SKUs. It has an SC-1.
Maybe has two different SC dash
ones for this particular
perspectives, so the first round
of the order goes through is an
SCT.
But we're still waiting on that
fill and skew to come in or
we're waiting on approval for
that skew to be released. So
i.e.
A cushion that's discontinued
and we're waiting on.
Jeannie and IT to make sure that
we do actually physically have
that product.
For whatever in the world we
might need it for or that we can
use that fabric. So could I
potentially have three
different?
Or two. Even two. As little as
two two different SAT's. Because
automation is consistently
running, looking for this excuse
to go through.
So that, I'm sorry, I'm being
very complicated, but I just
know we use discontinued fabric
a lot, so we're having to unbox
these consistently.
More complicated thing. So OK,
when this process runs, it can
just immediately create an SCT
or allocate items to an SCT on
the fly, regardless of whether
or not it can fulfill the entire
order on a set or purchase order
combination. Or we can set it up
to where it will only put items
on an set if it is fully.
Um, Kim, fully fulfill the
order?
So the question is, what do you
want? Do you want multiple sets
per order or do you want it only
on one set? If possible, OK, one
if possible. It's gonna be one
set per where the product
resides, so one per Montebello,
one per main, until we get to
the point where all product
doesn't matter what warehouse it
comes out of which.
This sounds like a year or so.
Um.
One per SCT or one SCT per?
I or ohh golly or warehouse or
warehouse um.
So order comes in.
It has items that could fulfill
on multiple from multiple
warehouses, but it does have one
item or two items that it can't,
it can't process right now. So
if that's the case, it's not
going to submit those sets to
those warehouses until those
final two items.
Can be can be purchased or SCT.
Is that correct?
Yes, OK. OK.
And the same thing will happen
for purchase order items. If the
items can't be put on a purchase
order or can't be put on SCT,
the whole entire order will not
be fulfilled.
I would say yes.
OK.
When, when's what? What's the
timeline of this to complete? Is
it by end of quarter two? Is
that right?
Uh. I?
I believe so, yes.
I'll I'll have to get with
people to confirm that or not.
Yeah, for sure. Um.
There's just going to be a lot
of training because we haven't
gotten into it yet. But when the
DC puts in the order and they
request it to ship this way,
it's got to be exact. Because
then when it goes through the
automation and you put it to
ship, you know, to the three PL.
but they wanted it shipped to
the store directly to the
customer if they select
something wrong.
At the time of entry that's
going to mess up, you know,
everything on the back end. So
we we just will have a huge
training.
Timeline. So I just want to make
sure that that's included in the
timeline.
Of the rollout, so we just don't
you know, say oh we're we did
all the IT work and let's roll
it out and then we're sitting
here struggling on the on the
back end. So just a heads up on
that.
Because right now we're not
doing that correctly. I mean
right now the, the, I mean, even
though we've done out training
on what storage are supposed to
select, I mean DC's aren't doing
that correct right now. So it's
going to be a huge.
A huge training opportunity for
us.
OK.
Uh.
So what?
Just to kind of dig into this
real quick. Um.
What what are some of these
specific items that need to be
fully fulfilled for an SCT or
purchase order to occur? All
right, let me I gotta log into
syspro to give you the exact.
Barber all the fun stuff. So
when an order goes in, we have.
I mean essentially.
Three main ways that it could
get delivered to the customer.
3 avenues. And then there's two
different types in those
avenues. So for instance, a
customer order something, they
want it delivered to their home
and they live within 100 mile
radius of the store today that
goes through what we call our
local white glove delivery
process. So when the order is
placed and the SAT is placed.
Those orders go full truckload
from the distribution center to
our 3PO.
So the St. is gonna have SC
truckload for. That's what I'm
logging into. See if I can.
Get in but and then it's going
to be standard ship. And then
three PL. is the selected. Those
are the three main things that
are selected.
Ohm.
Then if but if the customer you
know lives outside of the the
three PL. and we're shipping it
to them and they need white
glove, well that's going prepaid
freight it's not going.
So the so the ship via code is
going to be SC truckload for
three PL. and I can we're going
to have to probably map this out
so we'll have to do that for
sure but it would be SC truck
load it would be address type is
the second one and that would be
for A3PO would be.
Three PL. it's, it's actually
the the name of it and then
delivery type would be standard,
but if a customer had that
range, it would be prepaid
freight, it would be residential
and then then the delivery type
would be white glove.
Um.
And these are all just triggers
that traffic is asked us now if
you talk to Ben.
You know, he believes a
different way I think. And then
obviously from an accounting
perspective it's different. It
should be different from the
order from the 300 side than
what the SCT reads and so, but I
know when the import comes in
from ecat, it's, you know,
putting whatever.
We've required so it doesn't
copy over.
Because the relationship between
the store and the customer is
one thing. And then.
The the actual shipment is a
different thing.
Um, and then the other way would
be, you know that it's going to.
It's just a.
Drop ship, you know, so it would
be again prepaid standard.
Residential or commercial
depending on where it's being
shipped to and then standard
shipment and that would.
And that all those are, you
know, selected so that when the
traffic gets the ticket, they
know how to ship it to the end
consumer or wherever we're
asking it to be shipped to and
then obviously the address would
change, so.
The address right now on the
ecad import comes as is the
customer address.
But obviously if we want it
shipped to the third, third
party vendor or you know,
whatever.
Um, that address, you know would
have to be the third party
vendor. So like right now when
you generate a supply chain
transfer, we have a default
address and a lot of them
because about 85% of our orders
are shipping to the three PL.
85. That's the default address
for most of the stores is their
local 3 PL. But if they want to
ship it to the end consumer or
they want to ship it to, you
know, some other address, they
would have to manually go in and
change that as the way that it's
set up today.
OK, so that manual process is
all that information within
syspro, so?
The order comes in I I know, I I
can figure out what the store
address is and the, uh, the
three PL. addresses. I as long
as the customer address is on
that ecat order, I know where
the where the customer address
is and the script can be sent
there. There's no case in
scenario that it's not going to
be those addresses, correct?
It could be the customer's
address, yeah, if we're shipping
it direct to them, right? So I
know data wise, I know the
customer address, I know the
store address, I know the three
PL. address. There's not any
other address that it could be.
I mean yes, technically like so
this happens sometimes like we
set up a customer account and
they move.
Well, the customer address is
different than what they want it
shipped to or they're ordering
for their beach house and so
that's a different app. So I
mean yes there is that address
says change. Now I think what I
I think the easiest way to do
this.
Is to probably go back to Ecap.
And get.
Like we had asked for this a
while back and I don't know if
it's a possibility now, but is
like if.
Like because all this
information is selectable in
ekat today. Like meaning you
know the ship to and all that,
but.
So my suggestion is if.
The order you know is selected
for three PL. you know that
would just be the selection and
everything else defaults you
know to what needs to be
imported into syspro.
Like I don't know if there's
like if it can get that granular
in ecat where like we have
profiles within you know ecat
like if it's a three PL. their
you know address is pre, you
know populated, you know it's
all the options that we need for
that item to ship out correctly
as populated. So that way when
it does import it's going you
know straight into that but it's
also not relying on a DC to know
the address or to know the
specific.
You know qualifications for
this? Like it? It's simplified
basically.
Sure. Um.
That's probably a better
question.
Yeah, I would have to look
through the address validation
perspective too.
Well, the algers validation is
just when a DC puts in like 3140
Pelham Parkway and they do
PELHEM, you know and then it
says well no, it's really this
treasure, it's this, I mean
that's just validating since
accurate address not that it's.
What you want, you know?
Understandable.
We should be able to figure out
the correct shipment and what is
required. And it may be that we
need to go back and simplify how
it ships. I mean that to Ben's
point. I mean, he's always
questioned like why are we doing
it this way, you know, so.
Sure, there it may be that we
have to change that, but that
would be looping in the traffic,
you know, because some of the
reason why we do it is like for
instance the three PO we pull
out because we don't want it to
go through the mode network and
the traffic team is.
Just taking full truck carriers
and assigning that rather than
having all the orders.
Auto feed through mode, you know
and then selecting a carrier and
then you know. So the reason why
we do see truckload is because
SC truckload option doesn't auto
feed to mode.
OK. So that's why we changed
that the prepaid does. So any
prepaid order goes through the
mode system. It auto rates, you
know a truck company and it
comes back to the distribution
center and then the ticket
prints and then they go pick the
order and ship it, you know
based on what mode selected as a
carrier. So that's some of the
reason why we did it, but it was
really to.
To pull out now, it has caused
some issues like for instance
all the stores now that's their
default that they use. So now
like for Claremont orders where
we do want it to be prepaid
because it's going on furniture
carrier. We're always having to
go back in and update it or
change it because stores were,
you know, leaving it that way.
So I would love it would solve a
lot of issues if we can on the
front end.
You know, if you want like how
do you want this order shipped?
You know, as a question and then
and then and the stores say
local 3PO and they select that,
it auto populates all the
information. So they're not
having to select currently like
they are. You know, each one of
the options in Ecuador just
could be a quick thing.
OK. So just to round out the
shipment thing.
For the the automation, it needs
to know what type of shipment
that the order is going to be
processed in and based off what
this type is, the SC2 or
purchase order will use the
selected type to know what ship
address to use. Correct?
Correct.
And.
To try to run down the different
types, there's or is it just two
basically a customer specific
specified address and the three
PL. address, no, it's three.
It's local 3 PL. what we call
national three PL. or it's
outside of the local delivery,
so it goes through the mode and
then residential to the customer
direct like FedEx or LTL.
I think those would be all the
ones that.
I mean and then inside that you
know are different service
levels, you know, so it could be
residential, but they do want,
you know, white gloves that
would be the national and then
if they just want drop ship it
would be residential but drop
ship so.
2.
OK.
Awesome.
Um.
For current error, is everyone
good with the shipment of the
shipment address on the purchase
order SCT?
Yes.
OK, um.
In.
The current state. Now, how do
people that uh figure out
whether the item can be put on a
purchase order or put on an SCT?
Is based off the stock code.
The stock code and they're just
looking at the inventory for
them based off this. This store
system technically does it for
us.
OK.
Um.
Is there any outside of the
address?
Topic that we just discussed? Is
there any specific details?
That need to go into the
purchase order or Scott?
Umm.
I mean, I can think of a big
automation, but I think that's
more our problem than it might
be your problem.
So while we create the purchase
order in our internal system.
We then still have to write an
e-mail to the vendor to place
the order with that attached
purchase order.
So I don't know if we.
If there is a way for us to have
like once you create a purchase,
this is in a very perfect world.
So bear with me as I talk
through this. You create the
purchase order and you go to
print and automatic e-mail pops
up for you to push send to go
directly to that vendor versus
it just kind of living in our
system and our world over there.
I don't know if we have to log
this particular based on like AL
would be all state and so we
have the.
We never order Allstate for
source that example two Chi TU,
so we have the Umm.
Automatic e-mail pop up so that
they have to send the e-mail
into tuchi. Just thinking new
customers or new new hires in
general that is a big mess. I
know I missed mine my first year
of working here so.
The first three months I must
step in order because I didn't
send it into the vendor. I was
like, I created it through the
system. They're like for the
system doesn't talk to the
vendor, Alissa. And I was like,
OK, well, I'll never make that
mistake again. Got it.
So on a purchase order, yeah.
And this system? Hmm. Syspro
kind of handles how a purchase
order is created.
I mean.
If the SKU is correct, yes, OK.
If the skew is not correct,
that's where we're talking about
those fill in skews.
Until that SKU is created
through IT, for us it Umm, it
would remain a fill in skew on
the original purchase until it
comes through. OK, so for this
automation sake, everything is
correct in the system right
there.
You within the backorder review
process, you just click create
purchase order on the item and
it creates it within the system,
correct?
There's a couple tabs that you
have to do and select the price,
but other than that, yes, it is
pretty.
I would say it's probably more
failproof than back order review
is.
OK. Um, when selecting a price,
what I know that was a question
that Ben had, um.
How do y'all select the price?
Since the spring.
John, do you have sister pulled
up?
What, what? What do you want me
to look at? How do you select
the price in? What's that field
called of how to select a price
in a purchase order?
Play up purchase price and then
it's like you double click on it
and then it brings up the price
and then there's a drop down
that says like that's if the
skew is set up like you can
select like manual cut like and
then type in a manual price or
like purchase price or.
Maybe like vendor price or
something like that, but there's
like a drop down from there.
OK.
Uh, before we talk about.
What needs to go into the
emailing the vendor? Is there
any other selections that go
into the creating a purchase
order?
And the only thing was, if it
has multiple lines you just put
then you'd have.
So let's say there's three SKUs
for tuchi on there. You'd create
the purchase order originally to
generate a number and just like
back order review, you would add
to existing purchase order
number and you'd have to type in
that purchase order number you
created.
OK. So in in a in a review back
order process.
You do it per line item in the
automation. It would do one big.
It should just do one purchase
order. If we're getting multiple
items from one vendor, yes,
correct. Then that would be it.
OK, um.
So emailing or when selecting a
price, the manual price, um
automation wouldn't be able to
select a manual price. So the
question is, are the prices up
to date within the system?
Yes and no. So there are times
that we do have to verify
similar to how we've done where
like a surcharge has been
applied or something additional
has happened or they've just
taken a price increase.
So that would fall back to the
category manager to ensure that
all prices and syspro are
correct, which I guess would
roll up to the PIM.
However.
There are times that we do have
to override that price before we
receive in that purchase order,
so.
OK, um.
Not simple, I'm sorry.
No. That's why we're having
these meetings, to make sure
everything is going as expected.
So um.
For purchase orders.
My first assumption would be if
a price could not be found then
the automation could not fulfill
the order and that could be
something that goes on to a
report.
Is that something? Yes. OK.
I would think yes, right one.
Um.
If a pry.
If multiple prices are within
the system.
What?
What needs to be done to know
which price to select?
Um.
It.
It needs to be the.
Purchase price, I mean, that
probably needs to be the
default, but we probably need to
have our report created so that
that's sent to Caleb.
Or.
The retail inventory analyst.
Role to review.
Cost.
OK, so.
If a purchase order has been
fully created with pricing, a
report needs to be generated to
Caleb that this purchase order
was created.
Needs to be reviewed.
Well, yeah, if there's multiple
prices or if the prices listed
at 0.
$0.00 not every single one needs
to be reviewed. Just say
anything that's.
Has multiple pricing in it.
For $0.00.
OK. Any other special
interaction interactions with
purchase orders?
Not that I can think of.
OK. Uh, Scott?
Is there any special
consideration outside of the
shipment address uh that you can
think of when creating SCT?
Just insuring that where it's
going to is correct. That's the
biggest thing.
Once the system knows how to
fill out and create that set.
We would need that.
If it so, if we got to that
world of what Sean was talking
about, where it defaults to.
The three PL. or if it is a
customer address, we need to
make sure the phone number gets
added into that particular
field.
I would say that's probably for
an SAT. Yes, Sir.
OK.
Any.
Any other thoughts?
On the SCT automation.
Not going to go OK, great. Um.
Thank you for your time and I
will try and write up what we
discussed in this meeting into
the functional requirement
document and let you all know
once I've updated it and we can
move forward from there.
Is there any kind of follow up
meeting that will need to have
off the top of your head?
Probably to go through the.
I guess once you talk to Ben on
the how the orders like the
address selection needs to go,
we probably need to come back
and just define what that looks
like.
OK.
So end of Q2 that would be?
That'd be from May launch,
right? Is that correct?
From a time period standpoint.
Or is that more April?
I would have to review what end
of quarter to is specified but
may sounds.
Likely.
Yeah.
OK, perfect,
Thanks.
Alrighty, thank you very much
again having this meeting with
me and um, I'll reach out if we
need any further up information.
Thank you so much, Justin. We
appreciate it. Of course, have a
good weekend. You too. Have a
good weekend.
Aye.